Add CircleCI log collection to CircleCI CI Visibility docs (#21611)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/pipelines/circleci.md

#### Integrate with Datadog Teams
To display and filter the teams associated with your pipelines, add `team:<your-team>` as a custom tag. The custom tag name must match your [Datadog Teams][8] team handle exactly.

### Enable log collection

> The DataDog CircleCI integration allows to collect logs from your finished CircleCI jobs and forward them to DataDog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Datadog CircleCI integration collects logs from your finished CircleCI jobs and forwards them to Datadog.
```

> To enable this feature, follow [this guide][11] to install and configure the DataDog CircleCI integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install and configure this integration, follow the [CircleCI setup guide][11].
```

[7]: /continuous_integration/pipelines/custom_tags_and_metrics/?tab=linux
[8]: /account_management/teams/
[9]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/ci-visibility-circle-ci/main/service_hooks.py
[10]: /continuous_integration/pipelines/circleci/#enable-log-collection

> [11]: integrations/circleci/#setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[11]: /integrations/circleci/#setup
```
